hi there and welcome to Toral's stuff
real easy and today I'm gonna show you
how to draw a wind turbine and you're
really gonna want a more of an ellipse
than a circle and we'll find the middle
there and put a line out and then you
could but these three blades that feels
more right so and you're going to want a
plane going through there and a plane
coming down here vertically and this
will be your kind of motor section like
that and then that will probably kind of
come back and sort of square or
something at the back there anyway and
then you're going to get the blades
coming out here so follow that right out
to the edge and curve this outside way
some turbos have big wide blades someday
this will then come out here and again
bring it out some yeah I think it
depends on the kind of speed of the wind
in the area this will be coming down
there and then kind of coming up you'll
see that like that you know hint of
something there and then you're gonna
have the mast will come it'll be getting
wider and wider down to the ground I
have a standing on a hill some mountains
in the background and if you want to go
and have a look at my other channel
called she Reina life I'm just doing
little dots there I'll put a link here
and you can see me at my wind turbine I
like to think is my winter but then it's
not really I have a tiny tiny tiny tiny
little piece of it I had a kind of a
community thing likely for this wind
turbine so the community can have
brought a little piece of air
to put it up and so I like to think it's
my wind turbine can get have a look and
see me hugging my wind turbine just
before it actually started turning I
haven't seen it
getting around yet and I'm going to do
these little bits as dots maybe will
have kind of a talking around there like
that and this is the leading edge here
so it's gonna be go and no I like that
one completely wrong
pretend I didn't do that a little bit of
shading there and down the side here
you're gonna get some grass or something
growing along the top like that and you
can have mountains in the back side back
side is in the background and there you
go how to draw a wind turbine if you'd
like to draw an airplane in the
background I'll give you the link to the
video I hope you enjoy that and here is
the link to the aeroplane video why not
try the mystery drawing either way you
make sure that you'll subscribe and T
Calavera loads more drawings or draw
stuff real easy
drawing drawing drawing practice
practice practice and I'll see you next
time it's again app over